Stamford Peace Youth Foundation

Get Involved

LEARN HOW YOU CAN USE YOUR RESOURCES, TIME AND VOICE TO SUPPORT OUR COMMUNITY'S CHILDREN.

Donate

Host a Fundraiser

Sponsor a Student

Spread the Word

Volunteer

Invest in Our Community's Children

Stamford Peace strives to ensure that its programs are consistently afforable for all those wishing to participate. As a not-for-profit enterprise, donor support is required to fund a large portion of our programming. Please consider making a gift today!

Every dollar contributed to the Stamford Peace program directly and positively impacts the opportunity for succes of our local young people. Thank you for your support!

Fundraise for our Local Students

Donate your birthday or any other special day: create a Facebook fundraiser to benefit Stamford Peace. Be sure to invite family and friends to maximize your impact. Get started HERE.

Sponsorships

Support our students while connecting your business to our community of parents, students & tutors. Sponsor our tutoring center, technology purchases, a workshop or a student in our tutoring program. Download our Sponsorship Materials for details, Become a Sponsor HERE, or contact us at info@peaceyouthct.org with any questions or for more information.

Help Us Spread the Word

Follow us on social media and like/share our content. You can find us on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. Share our story, mission and news with your family and friends.

Rep PEACE swag: shop Squad Locker for cool PEACE t-shirts, hoodies and more. A portion of sale benefits Stamford Peace!

Volunteer

Stamford Peace Boys Basketball League (SPBBL), the Summer League @ Scalzi Park and the Fall League are volunteer-coach leagues! Volunteer coaches are always needed in all divisions.

Share your knowledge and love of the game -- volunteer to coach a team! Email us at info@peaceyouthct.org for more informaiton.

This website is powered by SportsEngine's  Sports Relationship Management  (SRM) software, but is owned by and subject to the Stamford Peace Youth Foundation privacy policy.  ©2026 SportsEngine, LLC.

Privacy Policy