Stamford Peace Youth Foundation

Our Impact

Invest in Our Community's Children - Learn How

Beyond Limits Academics

Beyond Limits strikes at the heart of the opportunity gap which confronts our society’s lower-income families.

Established in late 2013 and supporting initially five students, Beyond Limits is now working with over 200 students in the 3rd through 12th grades. Today, we support even more non-athletes than we do athletes. Over 80 percent of our participants are from families eligible for free or reduced-price school lunch, whom we charge a heavily subsidized rate. Our greatest success has been the degree to which we continue to uniquely serve this historically underserved segment of the population with:

one-on-one academic tutoring primarily in math and science;

enrichment programming (including computer coding classes, writing workshops; college planning workshops, time management and organizational skills workshops, and more);

summer programming (including ongoing academic tutoring, 1-week middle school and high school preparatory academies designed to help orient Stamford Public School incoming 6th graders and incoming 9th graders, and our new Summer Math Academies);

informal peer and professional mentoring; and

educational advocacy.

In the course of our activities, we actively partner with parents, teachers and administrators as important shared advocates for our students.

Our growth and success over the years — measured and evaluated based upon data as well as testimonials — reflects the perceived value of our unique peer-to-peer academic support model. Of course, we believe much of that has to do with the quality of our delivery – including the care with which we match students with tutors; our tutors’ knowledge and experience level; the affordability and flexible timing of our tutoring sessions; and other internal factors. Externally, it is also a function of the huge demand for affordable academic support services particularly for lower income youth.

Meet Juana

Juana is a 7th grader who has been attending Beyond Limits for 2 years. She first came to BL to improve her math skills but also takes advantage of enrichment programs, like coding classes and writing workships. She credits her BL tutors with helping her overcome her doubts in math and giving her all the tools she needs to solve math problems. For students considering BL, she says: "Take this opportunity because it will help you alot. You learn every time you go. And by personal experience, I highly recommend it."

Meet Matthew

Matthew came to Beyond Limits as a freshman when he was having trouble in math. Now a senior, he says the program helped him grow, gain more confidence and improve in multiple subjects. For students considering BL, Matthew tells them: "You should definitely come. The tutors here are competent and will offer you academic help as well as support from their own experiences. Beyond Limits helps tons of kids every week."

PEACE BASKETBALL

On the basketball side, we are anchored by the tenet that "basketball is a privilege."

We emphasize to our players that the game – and the accompanying "investments" by parents, coaches and other mentors in their success – is neither a "given" nor an "end" in and of itself. Rather, playing is the ongoing reward for our players' pursuit of excellence in their core responsibilities in the classroom, in the community, and at home. We encourage our players to “use basketball, rather than to allow basketball to use them,” a principal mantra by which we drive student-athletes to appropriately prioritize their academics and other life skills.

From one team of 9-10 year old Stamford boys in 2008, Stamford Peace has grown to more than 1,200 young people today across a variety of basketball and direct academic support and enrichment programs. Nearly 100 of our players attend college as basketball student-athletes, with many more pursuing their studies and playing sports recreationally. Moreover, we can count many of our former participants among the ranks of our current coaches, who are thus paying forward the lessons they themselves learned as part of Stamford Peace.

Meet Edona

Edona is a lifelong PEACE Basketball player whose deep friendships and mentoring relationships from Stamford Peace remain true difference makers in her life. Edona’s remarkable journey from a shy little girl who hesitantly spoke English to a Division 1 college basketball player at Fordham University – overcoming several serious knee injuries along the way – speaks volumes to the development of her passion, grit and character as a member of the PEACE family.

Meet Slywia

Sylwia is a regular participant in our Beyond Limits Academic Program, while also playing basketball on PEACE AAU and SPBBL teams. Uniquely “coachable,” Sylwia’s commitment to student-athletic excellence is evident in her positivity and gratitude as a twice-weekly recipient of Beyond Limits academic tutoring in math and science. Her academic and basketball improvement over the past few years is a testament to her hard work and the power of opportunity and investment.

This website is powered by SportsEngine's  Sports Relationship Management  (SRM) software, but is owned by and subject to the Stamford Peace Youth Foundation privacy policy.  ©2026 SportsEngine, LLC.

Privacy Policy