Stamford Peace Youth Foundation

Our Leadership

Coach K

Following a successful 18-year Wall Street career, Brian Kriftcher (Coach "K”) retired from the business world at the age of 40 in order to devote his full-time energies to his passions for coaching, teaching and philanthropic work.

Coach "K" is the Founder and President of Stamford Peace Youth Foundation; and is Head Coach of PEACE Basketball. He Is an experienced high school basketball coach at Westhill High School in Stamford, CT, as well as at St. Luke's School in New Canaan, CT. At St. Luke's, Coach K led his Varsity boys' basketball team to a coveted Fairchester Athletic Association tournament crown, before losing in the Championship game of the New England Preparatory School Athletic Conference tournament in 2010–2011.

Coach "K" has been a lifelong student and teacher of the game, and has successfully coached both boys’ and girls’ teams representing Stamford in several JCC Maccabi Games, as well as many other teams in many other events. Coach "K" has worked at such distinguished basketball camps as the Bob Hurley Basketball Camp, Coach K Academy/Duke Basketball Camp, and Point Guard College. He is also a frequent basketball clinician/instructor and 1-on-1 trainer.

As a player, Coach K earned a Silver Medal representing the U.S.A. as a member of its Masters (35+ years old) basketball team in the World Maccabiah Games in Israel in 2009. Previously, he earned a Gold Medal in the Pan American Maccabiah Games in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 2007.

Coach "K" earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from the State University of New York at Albany, where he was member of the men’s intercollegiate basketball team for two seasons. He earned a law degree from St. John’s University Law School, which he attended at night; and remains licensed to practice law in New York State.

Coach "K" is the Global Chairman of the Board of Directors of PeacePlayers International; a not-for-profit organization that uses the game of basketball to bridge divides between young people in conflict areas throughout the world. From 2009 – 2012, he was president of the Stamford JCC.

Coach "K" has been a Stamford resident since 1996, where he lives with his wife, Jeannie, and three daughters, Hannah, Charlotte and Sophie

Andy Sklover

In 2013, Andy Sklover co-founded the Beyond Limits Academic Program as a program of Stamford Peace Basketball Club, Inc.

As a former member of the City of Stamford’s Board of Representatives (BOR), he served as chair of the Education Committee and a member of the Fiscal, State & Commerce and Charter Review Committees. As Education Committee Chair, he lead the establishment of the BOR’s Student Advisory Council (SAC), which seeks to empower the Stamford Public School (SPS) student body by granting student representatives an opportunity to express their thoughts and opinions and favorably impact the current and future academic and social experiences of SPS students. He has also served as a member of a School Governance Council and the High School Call to Action and District Technology Committees.

From December, 2012 to June, 2015, Sklover served, on a part-time basis, as Director of Advocacy and Education for Stamford Achieves, a non-profit established in 2004 to serve as an advocate and catalyst for closing the achievement gap in Stamford.

He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Northwestern University and an MBA from Columbia University. He is the President of Sklover Benefits Group, Inc., an insurance brokerage firm also based in Stamford.

A resident of Stamford since 2001 with his wife, Lauren, and his two daughters – Marley and Ryan – who have both attended Stamford Public Schools since kindergarten

This website is powered by SportsEngine's  Sports Relationship Management  (SRM) software, but is owned by and subject to the Stamford Peace Youth Foundation privacy policy.  ©2026 SportsEngine, LLC.

Privacy Policy