Stamford Peace Youth Foundation

WE PUT KIDS FIRST

OUR STORY

Stamford Peace was founded in 2008 by long-time Stamford community member and current Notre Dame Prep of Sacred Heart University Boys Varsity basketball coach, Brian Kriftcher, following a successful 20-year career in financial services. At the age of 40, Brian retired from business to devote his full-time energies to his “calling” for coaching, teaching, and community development. Brian and fellow coach and Stamford community member, Lenwood Latta, developed Stamford Peace as a direct response to what they perceived was a systemic problem in which relatively low academic priorities and inadequate support were preventing too many local student-athletes from achieving their full potential. From a single team of 9-10-year-old boys in 2008, Stamford Peace has grown to more than 1,200 young people today across a variety of basketball activities and academic support programs. Our focus on Sports, Academics, and Citizenship is supported by two key pillars: PEACE Basketball, and our Beyond Limits Academic Program.

PEACE Basketball is dedicated to the philosophy that “basketball is a privilege” – representing a reward for consistent effort and achievement in children’s core responsibilities in the classroom, in the community, and at home. PEACE Basketball offers a first-rate basketball educational experience emphasizing the development of strong fundamentals and high-quality competition, as well as establishing a culture of excellence among our players and in our overall approach to the game. Among our PEACE Basketball offerings are a boys' winter house basketball league; over a dozen elite-level boys' and girls' travel AAU basketball teams; summer and vacation day basketball camps; a summer league; year-round clinics and open gym activities; and individual training. Stamford Peace is built on a foundation consisting of teamwork, discipline, leadership, and sportsmanship. Rather than focusing exclusively on wins and losses, the goal of Stamford Peace includes using the game of basketball as a vehicle through which to positively influence academic achievement, community service, and other life skills within Stamford and other lower Fairfield County communities.

To that end, in 2013 we launched our Beyond Limits Academic Program initially as a tool to support student-athletes, but Beyond Limits has expanded considerably, such that today we support far more non-athlete students than athletes, and focus almost exclusively on economically disadvantaged and underserved students. Beyond Limits employs a peer-to-peer approach, in which local high school students provide one-on-one academic tutoring, primarily in math and science, to other local middle school and high school students. Fees are highly subsidized by Stamford Peace. In addition to regular tutoring, our Beyond Limits program conducts periodic workshops and other enrichment activities covering such topics as financial literacy, standardized test preparation, college planning and others. Throughout each of these academic activities, we actively partner with parents, teachers, and administrators as important shared advocates for our participants.

OUR MISSION

Stamford Peace Youth Foundation uses high level basketball instruction, training, and competition as well as academic support, to positively influence young people and help them achieve their full potential on and off the court.

Stamford Peace Youth Foundation, a 501c3 not-for-profit corporation founded in 2008, is dedicated to the philosophy that “basketball is a privilege,” through which it actively encourages consistent effort and achievement in children’s core responsibilities in the classroom, in the community and at home.

DEI Commitment

We started Stamford Peace in 2008 with great purpose around a name and mission that brings people together. We believe deeply in PEACE as not the absence of war, but the development of connection and valuing our differences. Basketball and Academic supports are merely the tools by which we perpetually try to lift people up to the level of their potential, without regard to race, gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or otherwise. Our diversity is and remains our society’s and local community’s crown jewel.

We are cognizant of the fact that our society’s full promise has eluded too many for far too long. The issue of racial division and other inequities in America requires active, open, honest, direct, and respectful encounters to overcome them. As we face a crossroads – do we truly come together or do we remain apart? -- Stamford Peace remains wholly committed to doing all we can to champion justice and to play a leadership role in supporting our community’s most underserved; to combat all forms of racism and bigotry; and to be a vocal ally in the ongoing struggle for a more fair, loving and inclusive world.

Stamford Peace does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin (ancestry), religion, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, military status or any other characteristic protected by law in any of its activities, programs or operations, including employment.

Photo Gallery

Video Library

Peace in Action

This website is powered by SportsEngine's  Sports Relationship Management  (SRM) software, but is owned by and subject to the Stamford Peace Youth Foundation privacy policy.  ©2026 SportsEngine, LLC.

Privacy Policy